Перенос описания получения токенов в спецификацию (#813)
hhru/api: docs_eng/authorization_for_application.md

<a name="get-client-auth"></a>
## Getting an application token

> > >!! Method is defined in [OpenAPI](https://api.hh.ru/openapi/en/redoc#tag/#tag/Application-authorization)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> >!! Method is defined in [OpenAPI](https://api.hh.ru/openapi/en/redoc#section/Authorization/Authorization-under-different-working-account)
```
